Wait a minute.
Who is he?
How to work in the company
It seems that the name of the person who just started today is Si Xiaoxiao
Si Xiaoxiao, you damn bitch
Not only seduce the wrong brother
It also caused me to be scolded by my unjust brother
How dare you come to remember
Really courting death
Go ahead.
Hey, hello, I'm a little busy here.
Can you fix me a cup of coffee, please?
Oh, the coffee is over there, thanks.
Hello, your coffee shop.
Thank you.
Sorry.
I didn't mean to.
It's all your fault
Why didn't you hold it steady when you handed it to me?
This is obviously you and me
If you don't want to take my coffee, just say so
Look what's going on here now